36 ContributorsGet Your Weight Off of Me Lyrics[Verse 1]
You took my heart in your hand
Talked me around like you're mad
I'll never see you again, listen!
I was the fool you could take
Another heart you could break
So let me go for my sake (Baby!)

[Pre-Chorus]
I'll get a message to you
You know I'll never stop tryin', baby
This will get by, baby, see?
You got a lesson to learn
You only get what you earn (No, no, no)
I got this game (No, no, no, no)
And I have to go my way alone, baby (Come on) (Why'd you do it, baby?)

[Chorus]
Just get your weight off of me
Why don't you just let me be (Hee-hee)
You keep on hating on me (Mercy!)
You just don't have what it takes (Too much for me)
So let me go for our sake (It's too much for me)
No more of me left to break (Listen!)

[Verse 2]
I'm like your dog on a chain
My thoughts of you still remain
You signed the house in your name, listen!
I got the pill you should take
A bad disease I could shake
You're every doctor's mistake, baby! (Yeah)


[Pre-Chorus]
I'll get a message to you
You know I'll never stop cryin', baby
This will get by, baby (This will get by, baby), see?
You got a lesson to learn
You only got what you earn
I got this game (Oh, oh, oh)
And I have to go my way alone, baby (Hooohoo!)

[Chorus]
Just get your weight off of me (Hee-hee)
Why don't you just let me be (Hoo-hoo-hoo)
You keep on hatin' on me (You keep on messin' with me, baby)
You just don't have what it takes (Hoo-hoo-hoo)
So let me go for our sake (Hoo-hoo-hoo)
No more of me left to break (Why don't you just let me go?) (You just, you just put it on me, baby)
Just get your weight off of me (Just do it, baby)
Why don't you just let me be (Why don't ya, baby?) (C'mon!)
You keep on hatin' on me (I'm not satisfied) (Why don't ya, baby?)
You just don't have what it takes (No, no, my baby)
So let me go for our sake (Hoo-hoo-hoo) (Oh no)
No more of me left to break (Hoo-hoo-hoo)
(Hoo-hoo) (Aouw!)

[Break]
(Just get your weight off of me)


[Pre-Chorus]
I'll get a message to you
You know I'll never stop tryin', baby
This will get by, baby (Ho-oh, oh!), see?
You got a lesson to learn (Ho-oh, oh)
You get respect which you earn (Ho-oh)
I got this game (Oh, oh, oh)
And I got to go my way alone, baby (Hoooh-hoooh)

[Chorus]
Just get your weight off of me (Yeah)
Why don't you just let me be (Yeah)
You keep on hatin' on me (Hee) (You should just stop your messin', baby!)
You just don't have what it takes (Hee-hee)
So let me go for our sake (Just don't ya, baby?)
No more of me left to break (You just, you just put it)
Just get your weight off of me (Don't do it, baby)
Why don't you just let me be (Why don't ya, baby?)
You keep on hatin' on me (Hatin' me, baby)
You just don't have what it takes (Oh Lord, why?)
So let me go for our sake (Oh lord, oh)
No more of me left to break (Mercy)
(Hoo-hoo)

Just get your weight off of me (You ain't gonna ever get out)
(You ain't gonna ever get out)
Just get your weight off of me (You ain't gonna ever get out)
(You ain't gonna ever get out) (Hoo-hoo)
Just get your weight off of me (You ain't gonna ever get out)
(You ain't gonna ever get out) (Hoo-hoo-hoo)
Just get your weight off of me (You ain't gonna ever get out)
(You ain't gonna ever get out) (Gone!) (Aouw!)


Just get your weight off of me (Gone, baby!)
Just get your weight off of me (Do it!)
Just get your weight off of me (I gave my game) (Oh no!)
Just get your weight off of me

[Outro]
Gone, now

