63 ContributorsUnbreakable Lyrics“Unbreakable” is the first track from MJ’s final album Invincible. It clocks in at a lengthy six minutes with a posthumously sampled rap from The Notorious B.I.G. from the Shaquille O'Neal song “You Can’t… Read More [Intro: Michael Jackson]
Ayy, yeah, ah

[Verse 1: Michael Jackson]
Now I'm just wondering why you think
That you can get to me with anything?
Seems like you'd know, by now, when and how I get down
And with all that I've been through, I'm still around

[Pre-Chorus: Michael Jackson]
Don't you ever make no mistake, baby, I got what it takes
And there's no way you'll ever get me (Come on, now)
And why can't you see that you'll never ever hurt me?
'Cause I won't let it be
See, I'm too much for you, baby (Take on)

[Chorus: Michael Jackson]
You can't believe it, you can't conceive it
And you can't touch me, 'cause I'm untouchable
And I know you hate it, and you can't take it
You'll never break me, 'cause I'm unbreakable

[Post-Chorus: Michael Jackson]
Doo, doo, dah
Oh, ah, well


[Verse 2: Michael Jackson]
Now, you can't stop me, even though you think
That if you block me, you've done your thing
And when you bury me underneath all your pain
I'm steady laughing, ha, while surfacing

[Pre-Chorus: Michael Jackson]
Don't you ever make no mistake, baby, I've got what it takes (Yeah)
And there's no way you'll ever get me (You can't do it, baby)
Why can't you see that you'll never ever hurt me? (Come on)
'Cause I won't let it be, see, I'm too much for you, baby
(I'm too much for you, baby)

[Chorus: Michael Jackson]
You can't believe it, you can't conceive it
And you can't touch me 'cause I'm untouchable
And I know you hate it, and you can't take it
You'll never break me (You can't break me), 'cause I'm unbreakable
You can't believe it (I'm unbreakable), you can't conceive it
And you can't touch me (You can't touch me), 'cause I'm untouchable (Why do you do it, baby?)
And I know you hate it (Come on, now), and you can't take it (Yeah)
You'll never break me—
You can't stand it because I'm unbreakable

[Bridge: Michael Jackson & The Notorious B.I.G]
You can try to stop me, but it won't do a thing
No matter what you do, I'm still gonna be here (Be here)
Through all your lies and silly games, I'ma still remain the same
I'm (Uh, uh) unbreakable (What? Uh)


[Verse 3: The Notorious B.I.G.]
A lime to a lemon, my D.C. women
Bringing in ten G minimums to condos with elevators in 'em
Vehicles with televisions in 'em
Watch they entourage turn yours to just mirages
Disappearing acts, strictly .9's and MAC's
Killers be serial, Copperfield material
My dreams is vivid, work hard to live it
Any place I visit, I got land there
How can players stand there and say I sound like them? Hello
Push wigs back and push six Coupes that's yellow
Plus clips that expand from hand to elbow
Spray up your Day's Inn, any telly you in
Crack baggin', sick of braggin' how my mink be draggin'
Desert E's, street sweepers inside the Beamer wagon
I rely on Bed-Stuy to shut it down if I die
Put that on my diamond bezel, you're messing with the devil, what?

[Chorus: Michael Jackson]
You can't believe it, you can't conceive it (Yeah)
And you can't touch me, ah (I'm untouchable), 'cause I'm untouchable ('Cause I'm untouchable)
And I know you hate it, and you can't take it (Yeah)
You'll never break me (Yeah), 'cause I'm unbreakable (I'm unbreakable)
You can't believe it, you can't conceive it (You, you, you, you, you)
And you can't touch me, 'cause I'm untouchable
And I know you hate it (You hate it), and you can't take it (Ooh)
You'll never break me (I'm unbreakable), 'cause I'm unbreakable
You can't believe it, (Hoo, hoo, hoo), you can't conceive it
And you can't touch me (Yeah, ah), 'cause I'm untouchable
And I know you hate it (Why did you do it?), and you can't take it (Just why did you do it?)
You'll never break me—
You can't touch me, you can't break me
You can't stand it because I'm unbreakable


[Outro: Michael Jackson]
Aaow!
Gone

