And it doesn't seem to matter and it doesn't seem right
'Cause the wheel has brought no fortune, still, I cry alone at night
Don't you judge of my composure 'cause I'm lying to myself
And the reason why she left me, did she find in someone else?

And it doesn't seem to matter and it doesn't seem right
'Cause the wheel has brought no fortune, still, I cry alone at night
Don't you judge of my composure 'cause I'm bothered everyday
And she didn't leave a letter, she just up and ran away

And it doesn't seem to matter (Hee-hee) and it doesn't seem right (Hee-hee)
'Cause the wheel has brought no fortune, still, I cry alone at night
Don't you judge of my composure (Body), 'cause I'm lying to myself
And the reason why she left me, did she find in someone else?
And it doesn't seem to matter (Don't bother me) and it doesn't seem right (Da da da da)
'Cause the wheel has brought no fortune, still, I cry alone at night (Think of another brother)
Don't you judge of my composure, 'cause I'm bothered every day
And she didn't leave a letter, she just upped and ran away (You can really say I'm lonely)
And it doesn't seem to matter and it doesn't seem right (Hee-hee!)
'Cause the wheel has brought no fortune, still, I cry alone at night
Don't you judge of my composure (Don't be, don't be, don't be judging) 'cause I'm lying to myself
And the reason why she left me (Don't be, don't do), did she find in someone else? (Can't take it 'cause I'm lonely)
And it doesn't seem to matter (Don't bother me) and it doesn't seem right (This won't cut it)
'Cause the wheel has brought no fortune, still, I cry alone at night (Think of another brother)
Don't you judge of my composure (Don't be judging) 'cause I'm bothered every day (Don't be, don't be)
And she didn't leave a letter, she just upped and ran away (Can't you really feel I'm lonely?)
And it doesn't seem to matter (Hee-hee!) and it doesn't seem right (Hee-hee!)
'Cause the wheel has brought no fortune, still, I cry alone at night (She don't, she don't want me)
Don't you judge of my composure, 'cause I'm bothered every day (She don't, she don't, she don't need it)
And she didn't leave a letter (She don't, she don't want it), she just upped and ran away (Is it my brother?)
And it doesn't seem to matter (Don't bother me, you just couldn't) and it doesn't seem right
'Cause the wheel has brought no fortune (Da da, da da, da da, da), still, I cry alone at night
Don't you judge of my composure (Hee!), 'cause I'm lying to myself (Hee!)
And the reason why she left me, did she find in someone else? (I can't take it 'cause I'm lonely)

